what's up everyone is just one g two gal
from here into dams here to give you
guys a quick first look of the
playstation 4 dualshock 4 controller
that was just announced so the
controller features a new touchscreen
like we saw in some prototypes the past
few days as well as a light bar to
identify players of dedicated share
button and a 3d camera tracking which is
pretty cool as well and overall
everything's just revamp to give you a
better gaming experience so the event is
actually going live right now so I'm
gonna show you guys the actual clip from
the event so I hope you guys enjoy that
for the first time the new controller
and here it is the DualShock 4
thank you so during the development of
the DualShock 4 we worked with key
partners in the development community to
enhance the feel of the joystick in the
trigger buttons the result is a much
tighter sense of control over in-game
actions we also took this as an
opportunity to enhance the rumble
capabilities and reduce the controller
latency and finally we added a few new
features a touchpad as a new form of
input a share button and a headphone
jack to enhance social interactions and
a light pad is a excuse me a light bar
as a simpler more friendly way to
identify players and this new controller
was designed in tandem with a second
peripheral a stereo camera that can
sense the depth of the environment in
front of it and track the 3d position of
the controller via its light bar so hope
you guys enjoy that clip of first look
of the PlayStation 4 controller the
event is actually going live right now
as we speak so we'll be doing some more
videos after this but let me know where
you guys think about the new controller
I know quite a few people may think the
touch screen is a little bit redundant
so let me know what you guys think down
below be sure to hit that like button as
it helps out the channel a lot and
subscribe for some more news thanks for
watching I'll see you guys in my next
video